1. Remove the Browse Templates i dont want this features 
2. Remove the Dark Mode I dont Want to Provide this features
3. Allow User to Delete Forms 
4. Allow User to Edit The Forms with the details Created now after creation when i edit no existing information there it looks like creating forms again 
5. Allow User to Preview Forms while Click on preview on the dashboard and same for the analytics.
6. FOrgot password page not working. so while click on it should shows forgot password.
7. While Embed Form Public Form URL shows your-form-name instead it should fetch from db and shows.
8. User is not able to change the password.
9. While Updating the email make sure verification link send to the new email address as per standard.
8. Getting the following error while making payments.
	As per Indian regulations, export transactions require a description. More info here: https://stripe.com/docs/india-exports


	As per Indian regulations, export transactions require a customer name and address. More info here: https://stripe.com/docs/india-exports

9. while visiting the /analytics shows Error loading analytics
There was a problem loading analytics data. This could be due to a network issue or the form might not exist. Fix this also 

10. I want to change that there will be no such thing like advance form fields in the Premium both free and premium gets same fields .

	Following is the Difference.

	Free Plan: 

	3 forms 
	basic anaylics 
	100 form submission 
	form expiration settings 

	premium

	unlimited forms 
	advance analytics 
	email notifications
	unlimited submission
	captcha implemention
	form expiration settings
	custom message after form submission
	custom url redirect after the form submission

11. Make sure Notification send to user whenever required.
12. On the Home page Remove Keep the Testimonials live like which actially user provided and the count of 
	the user which the real not like  100,000+ users  same for ratings create the Contact us page.
	
Make Sure You will make this changes and without it do not create any checkpoints.